Warn about unsupported file extensions for media (#13711)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

Media files (textures, sounds, whatever) that will be transferred to the
client and will be available for use by the mod and translation files for

> the clients (see [Translations]). Accepted name characters are:

Author: ```suggestion
the clients (see [Translations]). Accepted characters for names are:
```

Let's try like this (since it doesn't see my other commit)

    a-zA-Z0-9_.-

Accepted formats are:

>     images: .png, .jpg, .bmp, .tga

Reviewer: maybe add a note that tga is pending deprecation?

I don't want to ruin your simple PR with a big discussion but this has to be considered when documenting this for the first time.

>     sounds: .ogg

Reviewer: worth mentioning that we support ogg vorbis, not ogg opus
